Pen pal
Peppa and her friends
are at their playgroup.
Children.
Who would like a pen pal?
Me! Me!
What's a pen pal?
A pen pal is a boy or girl
you can write letters to.
This is a girl lives in France.
Her name is Delphine donkey...
Can Delphine donkey be my pen pal?
Of course, Peppa.
Hooray!
It is early morning.
Mr Zebra the postman is delivering
a letterto peppa's house.
Post!
Peppa and George love it
when the post arrives.
It's address to Ms. Peppa pig.
That's me.
Mummy, can you read it for me?
Of course.
It's from Delphine donkey...
My pen pal.
What does she say?
Bonjour, peppa, Comment sa va
Mummy, why are you
saying those funny words?
It's French, peppa.
It means hello,
how are you?
What else does she say?
Mm... I'll help.
Jes les princess pet
avac memes ames...
Clever daddy.
I am an expert in French.
What does it mean?
Mm.
Daddy pig clean his glasses so
he can see the letter more clearly.
It's no good.
It's nonsense.
It means I like fairy princess
and playing with my friends.
That's what I was going to say.
Haha...
I want to talk French.
Maybe you could
talk to Delphine Donkey...
How?
Her phone number is on this letter.
Yippee!
Bonjourest il possible au speakk a Delphine
Mummy pig is asking if Peppa
may speak to Delphine donkey.
Hello?
Bonjour.
What do I say next?
Comment sa va
...byebye
au revoir
What did she say?
She spoke French.
Bonjour, George...
Peppa is saying
"how are you" in French.
Dinosaur...
No, George,
that's not"how are you"
speak in French.
It is morning.
Mr. Zebra the postman is
delivering letters to peppa's house.
Post! Hooray!
Can I have my letter
from Delphine, please?
Sorry peppa,
there is no letter for you today.
Oh...
I wonder who that could be.
Bonjour.
I am Delphine Donkey...
I am come to see peppa.
Its Delphine
...Bonjour.
Bonjour Peppa
Here are my mama,
pappa and brother Didia.
Here are my mummy and daddy
and my little brother George.
Hello... dinosaur! Dragon...
Do you speak French, Mr. Pig?
I am an expert at French.
Er... yes...
Delphine we could jump up and down
in muddy puddles.
Delphine doesn't understand peppa.
Peppa doesn't understand Delphine.
Everything's so different
in French, daddy.
Come on, peppa.
J'aime sauter en haut et en
bas dans les magmas boueux
Ah, that's what I
was going to show you.
We call it jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
Everyone in the whole world loves
jumping up and down in muddy puddles.